README.md, before:

## Office Sports

![Office Sports banner](https://github.com/oyvinddd/officesports/blob/main/Images/office-sports-banner.png "Office Sports banner")

![Office Sports screens](https://github.com/oyvinddd/officesports/blob/main/Images/office-sports-screens.png "Office Sports screens")

### Introduction

Office Sports is an app where users can keep track of scores against colleagues in foosball or table tennis. Using the app, players can register match results (by scannig the opponents QR code) and view the scoreboard as well as recent matches. Users are also able to invite other players to a match directly inside the app. Scores are calculated according to the [ELO](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elo_rating_system) rating system, which is done using a Firebase cloud function.    

### Technical Details

The app is written in Swift 5 and all UI is built programmatically. Screens will gradually be refactored to SwiftUI. [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com) (Firestore) is used as the backend and users sign in using their Google accounts. An MVVM (model-view-viewmodel) architecture is used for structring the code.

### Dependencies

SPM (Swift Package Manager) is used for dependency management. Currently, the only dependency is the Firebase iOS SDK.

Commit message:

Feature/match history between players (#50)
* version bump

* new function in api

* api function complete

* link to android/flutter version

* adding "no team" option

* version bump

* separate section of idle players in scoreboard

* separate section feature complete

* version bump

* moving firebase stuff into subfolder

* modifying gh actions

* ...

* firebase/ --> Firebase/

* change firebase functions path

* ...

* display lowercased nickname only

* players are not allowed to register matches on weekends

* lowercase nickname

* version bump

* version bump

* replacing invites with pool

* showing player with most matches played

* ...

* improving team selection screen

* updated player details UI WIP

* player details UI WIP #2

* drop shadow on emoji

* matches won on stats object

* improvements to fanatical player indicator

* player graph screen WIP

* ui tweaks and improvements

* toggle sports UI in preferences

* special indicator on scoreboard

* close button on team picker

* about screen WIP

* match history updates WIP

* toggle screens WIP

* updated main menu ui logic

* toggle screens option complete

* determine initial vc when first opening the app

* preferences ui complete

* player stats on main screen WIP

* match history view WIP

* separator on match history table

* double tepping menu button scrolls table to top

* sport table pool filter fix

* match history complete

* version bump

* about screen tweaks

* compiler errors

* mock stuff

* sport view controller bug fix

* version bump

* optional team

Co-authored-by: Sindre Bøyum <boyum@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

## Office Sports

![Office Sports banner](https://github.com/oyvinddd/officesports/blob/main/Images/office-sports-banner.png "Office Sports banner")

![Office Sports screens](https://github.com/oyvinddd/officesports/blob/main/Images/office-sports-screens.png "Office Sports screens")

### Introduction

Office Sports is an app where users can keep track of scores against colleagues in foosball or table tennis. Using the app, players can register match results (by scannig the opponents QR code) and view the scoreboard as well as recent matches. Users are also able to invite other players to a match directly inside the app. Scores are calculated according to the [Elo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elo_rating_system) rating system, which is done using a Firebase cloud function.    

A version of this app written in Flutter can be found [here](https://github.com/konstantpapp/office_sports_android).

### Technical Details

The app is written in Swift 5 and all UI is built programmatically. Screens will gradually be refactored to SwiftUI. [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com) (Firestore) is used as the backend and users sign in using their Google accounts. An MVVM (model-view-viewmodel) architecture is used for structring the code.

### Dependencies

SPM (Swift Package Manager) is used for dependency management. Currently, the only dependency is the [Firebase iOS SDK](https://github.com/firebase/firebase-ios-sdk).
